tonight allows people a release from all
the hatred and violence if they keep up
inside them this won't bring him back it
won't make you feel any better thank you
it is a night that is defining our
country
citizens this will be a tradition we
celebrate every year join the first
purge so do you think says always see
tonight people are now calling this
controversial experiment of legalized
crime the purge you and Isaiah just stay
with me doing approach oh we're gonna be
fine on how we are here with dr. may up
Dale
she came up with this experiment is the
purge a political device it is a
psychological one if we want to save our
country we must release all our anger in
one night tonight we'll see the good and
evil and everyone this is your emergency
broadcast system announcing the
commencement of the first purge our
neighborhood is under siege from a
government who doesn't give a about
any of us at the siren of crime
including murder will be legal for 12
hours there's a lot of good people out
there who we gonna have to protect you
all emergency services will be suspended
we gotta be prepared for anything your
government thanks you for your
participation parties you predicted a
much higher level of participation human
nature does not obey the laws of
politics what the hell is going on
they all ex-military something funky
going down deep you're sending soldiers
into the island disguised as citizens
this country names for this dork no
one's coming to help us
after tonight nothing will ever be the
same again they forgot about one thing
they forgot about us what have I got
[Applause]
stay strong yeah I'm coming
just remember all the good the purge
does